### Topic Brainstorm
1. Modern accelerationism and its effects on the health of individuals
2. Political behaviour among parties
3.  How maturity transforms us, diminishes our creativity

### Outline
*The context*: amidst modern accelerationism that has formed an overt focus on productivity, the health, physical and mental, of many young individuals has deteriorated. Depression levels and the rates of mortality from suicide are at an all time high. 

*The audience*: The lowest paid department of Orlen, a multinational oil refinery. These oil workers are victims of the modern hyper-productive capitalist climate, mainly those of ages 20 to 30. Likely to be male due to their physically demanding work conditions. The audience isn't likely to be highly educated as evident by the nature of their work. It is expected that the audience also is disgruntled, fed up with the state of their surroundings thus it is the goal of the speaker to appeal to them and empower their rage, direct the unorganized mass it into a direction of the speaker's choice. 

### Speech
Imagine, before you stands a boy. He's shy and timid but at the same enthusiastic and ambitious. Dreams of an incomprehensible magnitude coalesce within this boy: he wants to be a traveler who feeds kittens in Cyprus, a savant who uncovers the mysteries of the universe, a vibrant artisan who brings the inanimate to life, a caring parent who nurtures his child. And yet... this boy will die, for he is meant to grow up. This is the greatest tragedy of our modern age - the boy will have to grow up, to become a mature, productive member of society. He will have to meet the quotas of his boss, serve the shareholders to his fullest extent. The boy will *have to* die, all his passions and ambitions will *have to* die. And once the boy dies, a factor of production will be born.

Before myself I see a lot of diligent workers who were once such very ambitious boys and thus first I wish to thank you all for coming here today. It is the greatest honor for me to stand before you today and exclaim that you *can* catch lady fortune by her throat, *you* can take charge of your destiny. Dont be mistaken, this will be no easy task. Fortune is fickle, your own affirmations are fickle. Me coming here, in the grand tapestry of life, changes but a spec. I can only hope that after my speech you'll find within yourself a fierce determination to move forth with your own quests rather than those imposed upon you by the almighty capitalists.

Now, I hear some say, "Who are you to lecture us? Who are to tell us what to do?" And you'd be right to ask that. I'm no great scientist nor entrepreneur, no I'm just a man, a man who'd almost lost all will and hope, a man who'd thought he reached his lowest point of despondency after years of toiling away in the oil field and on the factory floor, a man who had abandoned his dreams of becoming an aerospace engineer and flying away to venture in the cosmos. And yet I knew, everyday, why I woke up, why I endured my horrid workplace environment. I knew, everyday, that there was a small, little girl back in Płock, who'd just finished 3rd grade, who liked to draw golden lions and ride in my ragged but nonetheless comfortable four-wheeler. I knew I couldn't abandon my work, no. Who else would take care of that golden haired bird, that guileless, gentle being? I took pride in fulfilling this duty, in moments of deep strife I fostered a deep sense of fulfillment know that this oily horror I endure has a purpose. That little girl was my world... And then she too died... Why? Why does one leave this human realm so soon? Oh God, she had so much, she meant so much and all of it was gone, just like that. Would you like to know what my boss told me on the phone after hearing this? "I'm sorry for your loss. Come to the refinery tomorrow, I need a man who can handle the new furnace". The man had heard of my tragedy but, fueled by his own greed and ignorance, cared not about the decrepit mental state I was in. I was just a resource to him, a factor of production he had to manage optimally to extract the most profit. 

Where did we go wrong? What happened to community? What happened to simple human kindness? I fear that just as the boy died to serve a new world order, so did a collective sense of belonging and purpose. Capitalism has eroded all borders, gone international, eroded the close-knit fabric that used to envelop us. Mankind is no longer a the breeding ground of many unique cultures, of many especial viewpoints and perspectives. Mankind has transformed into an amalgamation, with a singular purpose of serving the self-propelling capitalist order. We all speak the same language of English, we all follow the same internet trends, we all at the same plastic food, just with different labels. Traditions and customs are under attack and we, even if not intentionally, the culprits. Ultimately, it is us who've become complacent, us who've allowed such a state of affairs to develop. We are the perpetrators responsible for the rising levels of depression, the ever increasing rate of suicide. It is us who hold the power and thus it is us who must take action, change the world.


3

